[DX] Add flippers to dev-docs (#10161)
hackclub/hcb: dev-docs/development.md

- Override the `LOCKBOX`, `ACTIVE_RECORD__ENCRYPTION__DETERMINISTIC_KEY`, `ACTIVE_RECORD__ENCRYPTION__KEY_DERIVATION_SALT`, and `ACTIVE_RECORD__ENCRYPTION__PRIMARY_KEY` secrets by defining them in `.env.development`. Use the values from the [`production` enviroment in Doppler](https://dashboard.doppler.com/workplace/2818669764d639172564/projects/hcb/configs/production).

- Run the [docker_setup.sh](https://github.com/hackclub/hcb/docker_setup.sh) script to set up a local environment with Docker. The script will use a dump of our production database from Heroku.

## Flipper

> Flipper is used to toggle certain features on HCB. Flipper can be accessed at [http://127.0.0.1:3000/flipper/features](http://127.0.0.1:3000/flipper/features). To enable a feature, press "Add Feature", paste in the name of a feature from [this list](flippers.txt), and then press "Fully Enable".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Flipper](https://github.com/flippercloud/flipper) is used to toggle certain features on HCB. Flipper can be accessed at [http://localhost:3000/flipper/features](http://localhost:3000/flipper/features). To enable a feature, press "Add Feature", paste in the name of a feature from [this list](flippers.txt), and then press "Fully Enable".
```
